Was the turn pitcher if dual wielding Otani of the starting lineup game today
Its rise
I 'll hit 2 hits and I'll pick you up on your second goro
It is also Otani is in good shape I Well to say that for the time being started at zero
And one sickness starts with start and one nauto comes up to Mr. ri- coming
It was not here
Firmly caught the changing sphere Liner to the left
Only about sacrifice of 10 minutes will be back
First of all I am a teacher
Further strong miranda beat the 1st base
Store name when Oohiki is back
I am a point teacher at the start of farm touching from the parliament
Ni Ota
This is a misunderstanding pitching
The whiff today Hirata not that there was also a 158 km barrage
Moreover, the TaniShigeru you have dull also fork slider Now Dora This is also in the defense to Kondo also good
Moritate directly below
The sides had focused
In N 5 times the back of the
1 Lee from Sacre 2 Out this area of ​​Miranda
The ball is second base 3 bench came coach that there was this in the line is turning the round and round hand
It is all right that one returned to super sky home
Third place in the fast run and there are many more Kondo Uhchi left middle
5 Lee hits to break the middle
So baseball I say is gathered there is a 4-point name still game is not it became atmosphere
Strong six downturns
bar borderly
You do not get to Texas Lee gas Ikkari bases loaded out
I was waiting for the forest straight
A low ball hits the left fence directly
In an instant, which came back timely 2-based 3 runners all 4: 3
Araki's run was so beautiful
Bad
The brain is in the hands of this ruler and this is also unlucky to say from the pitcher
It is not a feeling but it is a hit
That 's right-I'm being beaten to be pulled out, right?
I can not get 4 to 4 out
Well also Yeah I also another or is alternating Well this decision um
I think I did not come to a bloody place Yes yes this Carter double play
It was not able to be taken , and Mitaka runner is alive and 5 to 4
The true spirit is winning over
The expression that this heaven to hell
But 7 inning was the pitcher of Matayoshi of the third person
It is Kawabata language that contains the Yangshuo Steel, it 's a moment, it 's a heart.
I think that Honma's Nante was over I was walking in the Subcommittee
This is the same 10
next
Home run frog
This was a dead ball in Miranda then it was Payano
In around the Ishikawa
This is hard
Know had was I'd no reason to be without because it is the ball back screen
No. 1 Troy earth loaded two-run home run of this nostalgia
I'm all 7 to 5 loses 1 slip or so acoustic live Saa well then
Anesthesia Although I put out one husband that went up to the mound
There is also double play and the match is over at Ogasawara Second Goro.
7 to 5
It is said that Them Fighters made things in the case of the exchange game
It was a battle of today yuki Mr. Shigeru Tani's comment after the game I ate
I tell you once, but it was reversed
I though it was a scene that I have to wary of my soul wings one shot or rather relieving the pitcher miss